listen the platform is the Spanish
thriller that wasn't a midnight award at
TIFF where we got the chance to catch it
last fall and outside on Netflix for
anyone who happens to be at home to
watch it it takes place in this tower
where an administration is put two
cellmates per level and our screening
the director talked about how everything
was super detailed from the building
being two kilometers tall to each room
being six meters squared
there's 333 levels for the total 666
people that can be hosted in this place
and it may also all be underground
logistically speaking but overall it
would total to 333 pounds of food going
down this platform each day with enough
calories for everyone that said it only
comes down once a day and since they
swap what level you're on each month you
can find yourself feasting like you're
at the bacchanal one minute and next
thing you know it's like you're at a
grocery store aisle since everyone took
all the essentials and that ain't good
hope you originally the script for this
was meant to be a play which I think
would highlight the metaphorical aspects
a bit better cuz warning for some this
is one of those movies that leaves you
with you to choose what the
interpretation is going to be whatever
the answers are and some things may even
be imaginary but there's also a swap in
the title with the Spanish being a loyal
translating to the whole rather than the
platform like it's named in English
because Americans obviously would focus
on the actual donut over the doughnut
hole its kimonos pytheas oh yeah so big
spoiler warning in case you haven't
caught it yet let me explain
so going in our main protagonist wakes
up on level 48 with a cellmate named
Agassi and what they call the pit laughs
anyway I'm not a central thing he
entered the hole on his own will to help
quit his habit and to get a degree which
leads me to assume that people have made
it out in order to retrieve said awards
unless that's what they want you to
believe
at first Gordon thinks he's gonna wrap
this movie up in ten minutes by asking
the people up on top and bottom to just
take their fair share for the betterment
of ostracism on Easter and they cuss him
out I would say they don't give a crap
but they literally do later godean 3me
end up getting along he explains to him
the rules of the pad now you can't keep
any food or the floor will get too hot
or cold he meets me Haru who writes down
every month in search of her child
Gordon reads donki hote through him
three Maga see reminisces on the murder
he committed with the self sharpening
knife that they allowed him to bring
inside this is one item you know it's
pretty much your average freshman year
until they get swapped to floor 171 then
it's senior year being elderly three
magazi forces this young man into self
isolation and gives him a week before he
starts filleting him with the samurai
plus but I guess he forgot what day me
Haru comes down because she slices and
dices after almost starving to death
Goten wakes up on level 33 with the lady
who interviewed him and she's in there
because she believes in the system if
you will and believes that a moment to
spawn that she has breast cancer so yeah
clearly something else was up there but
for whatever reason this lady decided to
bring her dog what did you think was
gonna happen well when I wake up in 202
the next month she doesn't hang around
long enough to find out I think he lost
a Samana steam is there a path and then
it must be near the nemah steamed open
of a hearty you may be sure who's Thomas
Perez of course not
then a particular is a Manasi emergency
semana family I dunno 70 o rasul'allah
goring then wakes up on the 6th floor
after starving for that month and is
able to convince his new roommate bajada
to join him down the pit to pretty much
become lunch ladies hoping to ration the
food in order to send a message up to
the administration going to the fair on
this game
Nintendo's end of this panel primera D
our logo best said I don't think he
meant it's hard but whatever reason they
turn into Super Smash Bros and forced
the first dozen levels not eat any food
and I'm just surprised after being on
level 202 and getting sliced that Gordon
even has enough energy to be finding out
here like he's right Palpatine either
way on their way down they try to save
me how to only to get fatally wounded
themselves leaving Baja to die I'm
floored 333 but I actually find a child
now this is where you get two
explanations right yeah they got the
metaphor one that ends up with Gordon
being dead or the strictly narrative one
that breaks down what the
administration's goal was for this
experiment and whether Gordon pounded at
the end or not and it also adds
regarding being dead that will explain
the Tower of Babel comments and how
everyone misinterprets Miharu thinking
she has a boy down there in the tower
when she's really trying to tell them
about the little girl at the bottom in
other words that this administration
sounds a lot like Belko it's a little
jigsaw issue with the way that they're
setting up people for an experiment the
goal being as goating explains not to
promote solidarity but observing what
leads to it so that they can control it
on the outside
Budhia so we have you so bellavita like
I said below head up on pretty much it's
the ultimate way of collecting human
data and seeing how they work and then
using it to their benefit to see how
they can control people in the real
world I think it makes for a crazy
ending and one that may spawn more
sequels since the director has stated
that there are towers all around which
could mean international versions of the
platform everywhere that said it would
be a little ironic to milk out a
franchise when you consider what the
movie is supposed to represent I say the
movie touches on capitalism and
socialism would be jovial but every
character is meant to represent a form
of ideology that contrasts coatings and
sets of models journey even their names
Goering stands for fry and he's clearly
meant to look more and more like his
book counterpart donki hote their Baha
is the religious one whose name stands
for spices doom Agassi ain't none of
that he's like the Theo who tries to get
away with stuff emo guty is supposed to
be named after a graveyard complex but
she's clearly the type who would speak
to the manager you know she had the
privilege to choose her so MIT was going
to be unlike the rest because she was
working for them and she started on a
level where they fed her but she was
also oblivious to what was actually
going on thinking that there was only
200 levels she was goofy enough to bring
Pluto in with her so you know they kind
of did leave her looking like a Wells
Fargo employee I've heard viewers
comment that the rich aren't really a
part of the experiments and I'm like
yeah they're on the outside running it
they're the ones who are setting the
rules so they don't have to run by them
like ording says they profit off it if
there is a kid at the bottom then I
personally don't think that they care so
I don't really see them sending them up
as a message that's gonna change their
hearts in my opinion the panna cotta
which wasn't even their idea but was
told should be their message does make
it we just saw that bit earlier in the
movie when the guy got so mad it was
sent up with a hare the 333 levels
representing a personal hell is yeah
yeah but I do think he dies before he
reaches the kid and then that's why we
see him having Trippier hallucinations
and Nic Cage you know just like
Inception whenever the top wobbles you
know here it's the fact that the top
level stop getting hot or cold when they
keep the panna cotta after the platform
leaves meaning that they're going
against the rules meaning that
everything after that descent is him
fulfilling something he wish
done that's not enough years ago from
the director important to me so overall
I think it's a decent movie that I wish
fleshed out more things or at least you
know wasn't cut down as much at our Q&A
someone asked about the diploma and what
field it was in and they ain't have an
answer to it which you know I would
think that the field the main character
won a degree in kind of would define who
they are and what they would do in my
opinion the script does manipulate
certain scenarios as well in order to
keep with its balanced critique bit
unlike Timo's brood away possible and
maybe overly violent one second and then
goofy just for the sake of a cameo the
next but most of all I just wonder if
the intents of it not being a social
critique but a social self criticism as
a director puts it even matters in a
time where we were what do we watch a
movie called us and still find a way to
blame other people afterwards villanova
like a mastaba they can be you know
mismo the stability lalala daddy.com
work to areas - Noelle - sis - Vera's
any level says Oh sister anle all those
ten toes my father yourself solid REO
siestas Anelka Tov a pasar elbow will
come up to our ears cuando lo que tienes
and also with intimacy fear about
optimism
thank you guys checking out this video
and Kirsten know your thoughts down
below in the comment section there there
may be possible sequels you know the
director has gone on record saying that
there is a cut that's twice as long so
again I feel that there is many times
scenes I got cut and you don't realize
that there is an answer for them but
when you get you know the more
mainstream produced version of the movie
it leaves a lot of viewers with answers
so I'm sure that there's a lot more that
they could do with what was cut you know
they could make a franchise like cubed
they're already bringing it to America
probably just like they did with
parasite in fact the director even has a
thousand and a thousand page storyboard
breaking down every moment even
combining the score with the sound
effects of the platform which is a
really cool thing that he does in the
movie like having all the noises also be
a part of the score and he's got all the
character movement so he might make a
graphic novel into that just like bonds
thing
you're making but supposedly he doesn't
want to be a part of any follow-ups okay
no no ether video yes have you in my
opinion I'm not looking forward to big
studio heads profiting off these stories
because that's not ironic in any way
shape or form but to be honest I'm sure
most of us are just out here like going
right now other nanofication are your
thoughts what interpretations you got
from it I'm sure that there's different
things that you may note the more times
that you watch it
we're what you would like to see if
there was a sequel because there
probably will be one or any other movies
that you want to see us cover other than
that don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and you'll wake up on floor 1